Add alt text to all docs images (#101)
GitbookIO/public-docs: publishing-documentation/authenticated-access/README.md

Authenticated access allows you to publish your content while requiring authentication from any visitors who want to view it. When enabled, GitBook lets your authentication provider handle who has access to the content.

> <figure><img src="../../.gitbook/assets/10_01_25_visitor_authentication.svg" alt="A GitBook screenshot showing how to add visitor authentication" ><figcaption><p>Add a sign in to your published documentation.</p></figcaption></figure>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<figure><img src="../../.gitbook/assets/10_01_25_visitor_authentication.svg" alt="A screenshot showing a login screen for docs behind authenticated access" ><figcaption><p>Add a sign in to your published documentation.</p></figcaption></figure>
```
